Update to I Test config options (#453)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/test-configuration-options.md

See the [Sauce Labs Platform Configurator](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Platform+Configurator) to generate the code for setting the capabilities to execute a test.

> Depending on which environment you are running tests in, different options, also known as **Capabilities**, should be set. There are different sets of capabilities for different environments, which can be combined. These configurations are added to the [Capabilities](https://www.selenium.dev/selenium/docs/api/javascript/module/selenium-webdriver/index_exports_Capabilities.html) or [Options](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/driver_idiosyncrasies/driver_specific_capabilities/) classes. Some of these setting are required for a test to run in a given environment, while some are optional.

Reviewer: I think it might feel more direct if you eliminate the passive voice? So, for example, 

```suggestion
Specify your test options, also known as **Capabilities**, according to your intended test environment, by adding them to the [Capabilities](https://www.selenium.dev/selenium/docs/api/javascript/module/selenium-webdriver/index_exports_Capabilities.html) or [Options](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/driver_idiosyncrasies/driver_specific_capabilities/) classes. Whether certain capabilities are required or optional depends on the environment and the inter-dependency of the capabilities themselves.
```

Author: Rre-wrote this already
